Welcome and thank you for participating in the @jackcr dfir challenge. 

What is provided:
	evidence files from 4 machines
	pcap of traffic taken from the 172.16.150.0/24 network

The objective of this challenge is to 
1. Determine compromised machines.  
	a. evidence files were collected from machines suspected to be involved in this incident
	
2. Identify the who, what, when and how

3. Make a determination based on the evidence provided if you believe this incident is fully contained, or are there additional machines that you believe may still be involved.

***NOTE: Times listed in the timelines are UTC

Now for the fun.

An ids alert initially triggered on ENG-USTXHOU-148 for an established port 80 connection to a known bad ip address. 

1. Who delivered the attack?
2. Who was the attack delivered too?
3. What time was the attack delivered?
4. What time was the attack executed?
5. What is the C2 ip Address?
6. What is the name of the dropper?
7. What is the name of the backdoor?
8. What is the process name the backdoor is running in?
9. What is the process id on all the machines the backdoor is installed on?
10. What usernames were used in this attack?
11. What level of access did the attacker have?
12. How was lateral movement performed?
13. What .bat scripts were placed on the machines?
14. What are the contents of each .bat script?
15. What other tools were placed on the machines by the attacker?
16. What directory was used by the attacker to drop tools?
17. Was the directory newly created or was it there prior to the attack?
18. What were the names of the exfiltrated files?
19. What did the exfiltrated files contain? 
20. What time did winrar run?
21. What is the md5sum of pump1.dwg?
22. Which machines were compromised and need to be remediated?
23. Which user accounts were compromised and need to be remediated?
24. Are there additional machines that need to be analyzed?
25. Describe how each machine was involved in this incident and overall what happened.

Thanks for playing.  I would appreciate if you downloaded and went through this challenge if you could ping me on twitter (@jackcr) and just give me a thumbs up or thumbs down.  This was a lot of work to put together and your feedback will help me decide how often to release these. 
